The medical Hospital aims to build a Patient Information Gateway Microservice to facilitate the patient to save their information in secure and seamless transactions for their e-commerce platform. The microservice should handle various payment methods, currencies,and integrate with multiple banking systems and third-party payment providers.


The Government aims to provide Health Cards with cashless treatment to the entire state.

 in a single click and planning to save their information 
in secure for future reference. Based on the citizens information government is planning to provide several welfare schemes


Government of XYZ is planning to provide cashless treatment to the entire citizens in a single click and planning to save their information in a single DB.



The Medical Hospital aims to build a Patient Information Microservice and Payment Gateway Microservice to facilitate secure and seamless transactions for their Patients. 
The microservice should handle various payment methods, currencies,and integrate with multiple banking systems and third-party payment providers and need to save the information in respective DataBase.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Educational Board is planning to collect Recognition fees from the students who are studying under the control of the board.

Previously they were collecting through manual challanas, Now they want to migrate to Online payment mode.

Hence the board is planning to build a Student Information fetch Microservice  and Payment Gateway Microservice.


Student Information fetch Microservice to facilitate the Institutions to fetch the Students Information.

Payment Gateway Microservice to facilitate secure and seamless transactions for the institutions controlling under the board. 

The microservice should handle various payment methods, currencies,and integrate with multiple banking systems and third-party payment providers and need to save the information in respective DataBase.
